Update role preview documentation (#11752)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/accessControl/index.md

```

This `allowAccess` directive is suitable for a `Homework` assessment. Students can see that the homework exists before Oct 12th, but because it is `"active": false` they won't be able to see the questions or start the homework. They can start the homework anytime from Oct 12th onwards, and the homework goes through four different stages: (1) they will earn a bonus 10% if they complete the homework with full points before Oct 15th, (2) they get full credit until the due date of Oct 18th, (3) they can complete the homework up to a week late (Oct 25th) for 80% credit, and (4) they will be able to see the homework and submit answers for feedback, but not earn more points, at any time after that. The homework visibility will also be limited by the [course instance access rules](#course-instance-example), so the homework won't be accessible in any way outside the course instance date range.

## Preview access control

Click on your user in the top right corner to see the role picker dropdown. This will allow you to preview the access control for different roles and users.

> ![Showing the role picker dropdown](role_picker.png){ width=50% }

Reviewer: I don't like specifying explicit widths as things look weird on narrow viewports:

<img width="470" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-17 at 11 29 15" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d96967c-984c-4d7e-aba2-bea11af95b71" />

Is `max-width` supported? I usually reach for that for responsive images.

Author: Changed in a9896720b43906e1f1f7625571275bcf5b08082a.

Author: Worth mentioning that I made the same mistake on pretty much every other image on the docs.

Author: Opened an issue in #11802

> Click on your user in the top right corner to see the role picker dropdown. This will allow you to preview the access control for different roles and users.
> 
> ![Showing the role picker dropdown](role_picker.png){ width=50% }
> 
> This feature allows you to see how the access rules will behave for:
> 
> - "Staff view" - Default view.
> - "Student view" - This simulates the view of your own UID if you had the student role.
> - "Student view without access restrictions" - What students see if they had access to the content.
> 
> "View as ... UID"
> 
> - "Student view" - This simulates the view of a specific UID.
> - "Student view without access restrictions" - What this UID sees if they had access to the content.

Reviewer: Workshopping, feel free to take whatever pieces of this you like:

```suggestion
Click on your user in the top right corner to see the role picker dropdown. This will allow you to preview the access control for different roles and users.

![The role picker dropdown](role_picker.png){ width=50% }

This feature allows you to preview a course as yourself but with different roles and restrictions:

- "Staff view": Default view.
- "Student view": Simulates the student view.
- "Student view without access restrictions": Simulates the student view without taking into account any access control.

You can also change to a different effective user to see the course as they would. After entering a UID and clicking "Change UID", you can switch between two additional views under:

- "Student view": Simulates the view of a specific user.
- "Student view without access restrictions": Simulates the view of a specific user without taking into account any access control.
```

> You can also change to a different effective user to see the course as they would. After entering a UID and clicking "Change UID", you can switch between two additional views under:

Reviewer: Oops, this was my bad in a previous suggestion:

```suggestion
You can also change to a different effective user to see the course as they would. After entering a UID and clicking "Change UID", you can switch between two additional views:
```
